feat: add `pg_repack` extension (#72)
cloudnative-pg/postgres-containers: README.md

PGAudit is distributed under the
[PostgreSQL License](https://github.com/pgaudit/pgaudit/blob/master/LICENSE).

> pg_repack is distributed by EnterpriseDB under the

Author: ```suggestion
pg_repack is distributed by the pg_reorg project under the
```
